that you have risen with the same
desire to be a millionaire forever but
nothing has changed someone told you to
I would ride on the dollar working
true you only have to work a thousand
486 years to collect what follow me
now this year if you had started in
the year 529 would almost have it but it is
that will always be there but let's enjoy
of the little things that feel good
sleep eight hours coffee to wake up
jaimes bringing charges in one hour you
could invite 672 more cuttings in
public transportation to the university
you spend half an hour on the bus or holding
the sweat the cries and the heavy criteria
of the bus in all that time is good of
wayne earns 170 thousand euros and without going down to
subway the classes of the uni are very
heavy for an hour your profession or
sofía you to the sheet with his the
argentina time you need cheer
to earn more than him in a month are already
both in what you take to get in
tupper and warm the Christian food has
earned more than two thousand euros
how many snacks do you think you could make
in 17 minutes while you do your
account Luis Suarez has won the same
that you do not do so much in a week
thanks to the joke you have to go through
academic management and deliver about
printed you need a lot of patience and
calm
do not stress when thinking that while you
you wait about 20 minutes ibrahimovic has
won 560 euros 7 pm time
come home again comes the train 20
minutes later sure you have not
it would matter to waste that time with you
waiting for him to fall from 760 euros
sky you get home and you spend 5
anguished minutes looking for the keys
because it always happened to me because the
life this includes while you invite
mourinho he has earned money to spare
to pay for a new door is finally
Friday and you have been fighting
you dress but how long it takes to get
your hairstyle of always and ten minutes
in that time neymar has changed six
Looks and has gotten into the bag
more than 400 euros because I do not understand why
Do not sing, you want some drinks
in what it takes to take the first
özil invites his colleagues to so many
call the double do not try to imitate the
or they will kick you out of the club in less than 15
minutes that balotelli uses to
brown and get almost 200 euros in
the pocket after a long night
only madruga guardiola but of course who
you need to get up early if
sleeping eight hours earns almost 17 thousand
euros and since I started talking to you
if Christian have won about one hundred euros
and you good the important thing was the health not